Update cidr doc on 20240207 (#16493)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/set-up-vpc-peering-connections.md

    >
    > - To avoid any conflicts with the CIDR of the VPC where your application is located, you need to set a different project CIDR in this field. 
    > - For AWS Region, it is recommended to configure an IP range size between `/16` and `/23`. Supported network addresses include:
    >     - 10.250.0.0 - 10.251.255.255 
    >     - 172.16.0.0 - 172.31.255.255
    >     - 192.168.0.0 - 192.168.255.255

>     > - For Google Cloud Region, it is recommended to configure an IP range size between `/19` and `/20`. If you want to configure an IP range size between /16 and /18, please contact your technical support. Supported network addresses include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > - For Google Cloud Region, it is recommended to configure an IP range size between `/19` and `/20`. If you want to configure an IP range size between `/16` and `/18`, contact [TiDB Cloud Support](/tidb-cloud/tidb-cloud-support.md). Supported network addresses include:
```
